Dynamic behviours Blog (#38)
safedep/safedep.io: src/content/post/discovering-abnormal-activity-in-Dynamic-Analyzer-data.mdx

---
publishDate: 2025-05-16T00:00:00Z

> title: 'Discovering abnormal activity in Dynamic Analyzer Data'

Author: `Digging into Dynamic Malware Analysis Signals` is very good

> image: /images/abnormal-patterns.webp

Author: `webp` is better for performance.

> image: /images/abnormal-patterns.webp

Reviewer: i agree it better in performance

> image: /images/abnormal-patterns.webp

Author: I am now using png.

> excerpt: In this blog, we explore how analyzing install-time behaviors using Dynamic Analyzer data helps uncover abnormal activities in open-source packages. By examining rare network connections and unusual binary executions during package installation, we identify potential malicious actors and suspicious IP addresses. Leveraging tools like VirusTotal and reverse DNS lookups, we demonstrate effective techniques to detect threats early and enhance software supply chain security at scale.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
excerpt: In this blog, we explore how analyzing run time behaviours using Dynamic Analysis helps uncover abnormal activities in open source packages. By examining rare network connections and unusual binary executions during package installation, we identify potential malicious actors and suspicious IP addresses. Leveraging tools like VirusTotal and Reverse DNS lookups, we demonstrate effective techniques to detect threats early and enhance software supply chain security at scale.
```
